feat(react-scheduler): do not show AppointmentForm's Delete Button if a new appointment is being edited (#2462)
DevExpress/devextreme-reactive: packages/dx-react-scheduler/docs/reference/appointment-form.md

readOnly? | boolean | Specifies whether the appointment form is read-only.
fullSize | boolean | Specifies whether the command layout is full-size.
disableSaveButton? | boolean | Specifies whether to disable the Save button.

> hideDeleteButton? | boolean | Specifies whether to hide the DeleteButton.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hideDeleteButton? | boolean | Specifies whether to hide the Delete button.
```
